### Question 1
#### Ignoring the specific values in <em>input</em>, what is the valid ASCII value range of characters that <em>output</em> can contain after the function returned <em>0</em>?
**Answer:**
Any character between 48 ('0') and 121 ('y'), as well as 35 ('#'), can occur.

**Points:**

- 0.25 points for the lower bound of the range: 48
- 0.25 points for the upper bound of the range: 121 
- 0.5 points for 35 (we awarded 0.25 points if the path was found but not entirely understood)

We ignore obvious typos and off-by-one errors.

### Question 2
#### Assuming the function was executed with <em>input_len</em>=L, how many characters are written to <em>output</em>? <em>output_len</em> is no valid answer.
**Answer:**
There are always 8 characters written to `output`; its length does not depend on the length of the input string.

**Points:**

- 0.25 points for implicitly recognizing that it is independent of `input` and `input_len`
- 0.25 points for noting that the length of `output` is at most 8
- 0.5 points for recognizing that it is always 8

If the answer was simply 8, we awarded full points, as it clearly indicated that the length of `output` is independent of `input` and `input_len`, along with the upper limit being 8.

We ignore off-by-one errors and typos. 

### Question 3
#### Which <em>input</em> characters can potentially affect <em>output[0]</em>? Use this example to explain how the dependency works in general (for <em>output[n]</em>).
**Answer:**
The 0th output character depends on `input[0]`, `input[8]`, `input[16]`, ..., `input[8 * k]` such that `8 * k < input_len`. 
The n-th output character depends on `input[n + 8 * k]` for `0 <= k < (input_len - n) / 8`, if `n < input_len`. 
Otherwise, it either depends on the same characters as the `n % (2 * input_len)`-th or `(n % (2 * input_len) - input_len)`-th output character, depending on whether `n % (2 * input_len) < input_len` or not.

**Points:**

- 0.1 points for recognizing that the 0th character of `output` depends on the 0th character of `input`
- 0.1 points for recognizing that the n-th character of `output` depends on the n-th character of `input`
- 0.1 points for identifying that there is a special case if `n >= input_len`
- 0.7 points for detecting the pattern `+8k`, regardless of whether it was generalized.

### Question 4
#### Under what conditions involving <em>input</em> and <em>input_len</em> is the character <em>'X'</em> printed? Additionally, what is the maximum number of times <em>'X'</em> can be printed? Explain why.
**Answer:**
The character 'X' is printed only if `input_len < 8`, meaning the output length is greater than the input length. 
'X' can be printed at most 7 times. 
This occurs if `input_len = 1`, as in each iteration after the first, the if condition `var_6 >= input_len` is satisfied. Since the loop iterates 8 times in total, 'X' is printed 7 times.

**Points:**

- 0.25 points for identifying the relevant condition `if(var_6 >= input_len)` in the code
- 0.25 points for determining that 'X' is printed when `input_len < 8` or `input_len < output_len` (as they are equivalent, and we want to avoid giving fewer points if the output length was not correctly established in the previous question)
- 0.5 points for stating that 'X' can be printed at most 7 times

We ignore off-by-one errors and typos. 
We grant full points if the answer stated that 'X' is printed `output_len - input_len` times, as this includes the solution to all sub-tasks.

---

| Complexity Scores              | A  | B  |
| ------------------------------ | -- | -- |
| Cyclomatic Complexity:         | 12 | 12 |
| Cognitive Complexity:          | 31 | 31 |
| Modified Cognitive Complexity: | 57 | 31 |
